The next major decision that JHipster offers is the client
framework to use in the scaffolding.
Prior to starting this course,
JHipster officially released support for Angular 4 as their
primary version of the client framework.
As a result of selecting Angular 4,
you have default types of your code generated for you.
With the introduction of Angular 4 support,
AngularJS 1 has been marked for future deprecation by JHipster.
Given this direction, as well as the direction from the Angular framework itself,
I'd recommend selecting Angular 4 for your scaffolding.
Let's do that now.
At this time,
JHipster does not support other client-side frameworks out of the box,
specifically React.
Note though,
there is a command line option that will skip the
generation of client-side code,
in case you plan to introduce your own client-side approach.
Check the JHipster documentation for more details on this approach.
This is yet another feature that sets JHipster
apart from other scaffolding tools.
You get Angular integrated within your application right out of the box,
rather than trying to manually merge code into your
applications from the Angular CLI.
The next decision has some relation to the client-side,
as JHipster is offering the option to use the LibSass style
sheet processor for your cascading style sheets.
The intention of this option is to help you simplify the design of your CSS.
It allows for native compilation of.
scss files to.
css files, but it will result in a gulp server being configured to support.
Again, this may be a feature that's of use to you,
however I considered it outside of the scope of this
course and will not choose to use it. That leads us to the next decision around internationalization.